Post: How to build a fully internationalized Nextjs application using Lingui v4 (#172)
bravo-kernel/bravo-kernel.com: data/blog/2023/05/how-to-build-a-fully-internationalized-nextjs-application-using-lingui-v4.mdx

- Use `msg` for constants and when passing translatable messages between functions
- Use the Lingui [UseLingui() hook](https://github.com/lingui/js-lingui/blob/next/website/docs/ref/react.md#uselingui)
or Lingui `t` macros might not update in realtime (e.g. when using the language switcher) 

## 9. Rounding Up

This tutorial should have provided you with a good starting point to properly incorporate localizaton in your Nextjs application but there is more to explore:

- Make sure to check the various (more extensive) examples in the [Lingui examples folder](https://github.com/lingui/js-lingui/tree/next/examples)
- Make sure to read up on the [Lingui React Patterns](https://github.com/lingui/js-lingui/blob/next/website/docs/tutorials/react-patterns.md)
for more information about the Lingui macros and when to use them
- Implement a [next-sitemap](https://github.com/iamvishnusankar/next-sitemap) with support for i18n, implementation example [found here](https://github.com/alt3/rank-my-wallet/pull/107)

> - Try the free version of [Crowdin](https://crowdin) which provides more than sufficient functionality for small(er) projects and includes one Github integration for automated translations via Pull Requests. A description of the Crowdin workflow can be [found here](https://github.com/lingui/js-lingui/blob/next/website/docs/tools/crowdin.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try the free version of [Crowdin](https://crowdin.com) which provides more than sufficient functionality for small(er) projects and includes one Github integration for automated translations via Pull Requests. A description of the Crowdin workflow can be [found here](https://lingui.dev/tools/crowdin).
```
